Add documentation for (alpha) feature ServiceIPStaticSubrange (#32345)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

In order to allow you to choose a port number for your Services, we must
ensure that no two Services can collide. Kubernetes does that by allocating each
Service its own IP address from within the `service-cluster-ip-range`
CIDR range that is configured for the API server.

To ensure each Service receives a unique IP, an internal allocator atomically
updates a global allocation map in {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="etcd" >}}
prior to creating each Service. The map object must exist in the registry for
Services to get IP address assignments, otherwise creations will
fail with a message indicating an IP address could not be allocated.

{{< note >}}
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}
However, there is a problem with this `ClusterIP` allocation strategy, because a user

> can also [choose its own address for the service](#choosing-your-own-ip-address),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can also [choose their own address for the service](#choosing-your-own-ip-address).
```

> there is a possibility of collision if the internal allocator selects the same IP address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could result in a conflict if the internal allocator selects the same IP address
```

for another Service.

If you enable the `ServiceIPStaticSubrange`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/),

> the allocation strategy subdivides the `ClusterIP` range in two bands, based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the allocation strategy divides the `ClusterIP` range into two bands, based on
```

> the size of the configured `service-cluster-ip-range` by the following formula

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the size of the configured `service-cluster-ip-range` by using the following formula
```

`min(max(16, cidrSize / 16), 256)`, described as _never less than 16 or more than 256,

> with a graduated step function between them_. Dynamic IP allocations will be preferently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a graduated step function between them_. Dynamic IP allocations will be preferentially
```

> chosen from the upper band, reducing risks of collisions with the IPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chosen from the upper band, reducing risks of conflicts with the IPs
```

> assigned on the lower band.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assigned from the lower band.
```

This allows users to use the lower band of the `service-cluster-ip-range` for their

> Services with static IPs assigned with a very low risk of collision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services with static IPs assigned with a very low risk of running into conflicts.
```

> {{< /note >}}

Author: @sftim PTAL

> 

Reviewer 2: We usually wouldn't put a feature gate shortcode inside a note. I'd use a 3rd-level (or maybe a 4th-level) heading here; for example:
```markdown
#### IP address ranges for `type: ClusterIP` Services {#service-ip-static-sub-range}
```

(and then skip the note callout entirely).
